hello guys welcome welcome to this
webinar um yes I have no live uh welcome
let me know if you hear me well if you
see me well um yeah it's 12:00 p.m. in
California
Tuesday sun is shining let me know where
you're from
okay great now I know we have the sounds
cool yeah welcome welcome let me know
where you guys from and what time is it
now in your country and yeah this
webinar is going to be about study in
the USA answering your questions
answering questions about the exams you
need to take answering your questions
for financial aid okay cool Brazil
Turkey India Pakistan hey hey yes so
another thing I wanted to introduce
during this webinar is um I left to link
below the video where I will be reading
the questions because last time we were
doing this there was so many good
questions because they were so long
YouTube actually scrolls everything down
automatically and I just couldn't read
them so I thought maybe you could go to
language rips website where this exam
this exact webinar is also streamed and
the link is below this video and if you
have any questions you can just use your
Facebook to ask them and I will be
reading them from there and answering
them so please um I will um yeah I'm
just posting another message to a chat
that I will be reading your questions
from the Lincoln troops website and
please let me know if you're already
there and if you could post oh yeah okay
we see Portland perfect so yeah if you
go to that page and if you could ask
your question there that would be great
because it it will get more chances of
getting answered because as I said like
if you could see my screen right now I
have like we have how many people who
already have one hundred nine people
watching and I have like all of these
comments coming in and I just don't have
time to read them because the new are
coming in as well so and
also know this is the time when you guys
are deciding to start your exam
preparation or stat your University
search and this is actually the best
time because um well the first deadlines
will happen in September and some
universities will have the first end in
love in November but it's better to be
prepared as early as possible because
sometimes things happen like oh my exam
is not as good as I needed it to be or
my university has this extra deadline
for financial aid so it's better to be
prepared and if you want to study if you
want to start studying in the United
States or Canada in September 2018 it's
better to start today so start your
application process start your
preparation and whatever you need to do
and um so yeah let me see okay you're
still posting all the questions on
YouTube okay guys just if you could go
to the lingual troops website the link
is below I will be reading questions
from there and yeah I'm really happy we
have this cool geography and I'm happy
people from India I know it's 12:30 a.m.
in the morning they're still watching um
yeah so okay um I'm gonna take the first
question now and the first question is
make a video about TOEFL preparation
these are for melodies so actually I've
done a lot of videos on TOEFL
preparation like you can see those of
them like how to prepare if you have a
week how to prepare if you have a lot of
time my tips and tricks of passing
different parts of TOEFL and they're all
in this channel so if you go and select
the TOEFL playlist there will be loads
of loads of them I will also be filming
a couple of new ones because I wanted to
emphasize the speaking part again I'm
talking to many students during the
consultations and many of the students
say that actually the speaking part is
the toughest part in TOEFL and I know
why because it actually sounds like if
you're talking to raba and the questions
they ask you would never get asked them
in their normal life just out of the
blue like I don't know what is your
favourite artist and you have like 15
seconds
to come up with the answer that's why I
will be emphasizing the speaking more in
my videos but yeah thank you for the
question and yeah the visa for Melody's
actually so um oh yeah great I see more
more questions now perfect so if we talk
about a visa like I haven't seen any
Harvard or Stanford students who got
refused other student visa but I've
definitely seen people not getting their
visas for lower ranking colleges but
again it really depends on your
situation the the goal here is to show
that your intent to study in the States
or Canada whatever you're going is
genuine and that you're not using your
studies just to come here and do
whatever you want so and also the second
thing you need to prove is that you have
enough funds to sponsor whatever pay for
your studies how to get a full
scholarship in car design schools that's
a great question because for design
schools I haven't seen a lot of like
Fulbright scholarships because those
like if we're talking about design
architecture architecture in terms of
like designing not engineering and
fashion design these are the subjects
that there is no like standardized
testing for designers so if you take
this test then you're definitely a good
designer if you don't take this test
that you're not it's very um subjective
like the way universities charge your
performance and you have to provide your
portfolio if you want any prizes you
have to provide them as well so I would
say it's tougher than getting a
scholarship to study engineering for
example but if like your goal is to get
a scholarship I would say try to broaden
your portfolio as much as you can like
showing what you've done already like
you're saying car design schools maybe
you design something already and it's
the best if you want some competitions
of done some work for a company that
deals with car design and definitely
look at top design schools um there's um
a no for car design exactly
but there's Rhode Island School of
Design there is a Parsons School of
Design in New York um so really look at
the top ones and um yeah because
Dublin's Rhodos what's going on
sorry sorry for that it's yeah YouTube
is doing something to me okay see ya
just make sure you're looking at top
schools because they have more funds how
can I apply for a scholarship program so
my my advice to you if you're looking
for a scholarship make sure that okay I
have to block somebody first sorry for
that guys um just a moment okay so no
it's not working sorry for that so
YouTube is a little weird today see I
was talking about the scholarship
programs the thing is here universities
provide scholarships for applicants but
you don't need to submit a separate
application so your goal is to select a
university that actually provides
financial aid for international students
because there are also universities that
don't care they just say you pay in like
when you get in you have to pay some
universities say we have this fund for
international students but the fund is
really limited so we're going to select
top 10% of students who actually got
admitted and we're going to divide
scholarships among them so your goal is
to be in those top 10 and if we're
talking about married buy scholarships
you normally don't have to submit a
separate application normally
universities will tell you like you go
in and submit the general application
for the program and then we would select
the best candidate and which is going to
notify you whether you got a scholarship
or not but the situation is different if
you're applying for an assistantship
which is a form of financial aid when
you actually work on campus and if you
do work on campus then they might have
some extra things you need to provide
them with for example high TOEFL score
which is really important like for
example if you're a teaching assistant
then you're speaking score needs to be
25 out of 30 that's what I've seen for
in universities mmm okay let's read the
next question um I want to know if there
is a three year bachelor's degree in
physics is accepted on or post credit in
the USA um I suppose so they actually
don't care about the length of your
bachelor's degree so if you've already
if you already have your bachelor's
degree if you have this document proving
that you have your bachelor's degree
then that's it that's what you need but
again for postgraduate program the yes
they care about your bachelor's degree
but they also care about your research
whether you you have publications
whether you took part in the conferences
whether you have the topic for your
research
um okay ah
I'll oh sorry too many questions okay is
European colleges at cheaper than us
colleges I would say yes Oh Europe is
cheaper than us definitely I studied in
Germany for free and I even got a
scholarship to go there and France is
free so yeah I would say America and
Great Britain are the most expensive
ones uh how did you select the
universities that you applied to what
was your criteria
Frank is asking okay Frank is actually
from the University of Illinois at
urbana-champaign one of the universities
where I applied as well hi Frank hi
there
so my criteria was um so I think it's
important to know my story um I was uh I
was in Russia it has been three years
since I've graduated from a bachelor's
degree and I was starting my company
which didn't really do well and I really
well it did well but we needed
investment so which is building lngua
trip exactly where you are right now on
the platform and we wanted to make this
company international and we were using
our own money to build it but then we
realized like we won't be able to build
it with our own money because we ran out
of money so my goal was to actually get
myself abroad like the United States and
I thought if I go to the United States
myself to a master's degree then I will
be in this business environment
Erica and I will be able to grow my
company from here so I thought if I
don't have a disability to take my
company abroad I will take myself first
and then my company would follow so I
did that and I started applying to all
of the universities but as I said we run
out of all of our personal savings
because we were building this company
and my only chance was to get a
scholarship so my goal number one in
selecting like my criteria number one
was that University provided full
financial assistance to international
students goal number two provided
financial assistance for international
students and like goal number three
maybe like not be I wanted this
university to be in top 100 universities
and that's it
like really and I also wanted to travel
as fast as I could
so as quick as I could I was in October
2014 when I saw the application so I
needed to move as fast as I can and I
applied during the second deadline so
also if your university didn't have a
second deadline in January I didn't
apply because that's well that was the
only way for me to apply so yeah that
was my criteria and as I said I selected
Johns Hopkins University where got
accepted with a full scholarship and the
University of Florida MBA program which
also gave me full financial aid and the
University of Illinois at
urbana-champaign where I was accepted
but didn't receive any financial aid
University of Scranton got accepted
University of Tampa got accepted
University of wisconsin-madison not
accepted but I failed an interview I did
like this terrible thing not preparing
for the interview and I didn't know they
asked subject specific questions I was
like oops and that was my mistake
um I did work in travel will that affect
my chance of getting into American
University no they don't actually care I
would say like even working travel
experience if you don't have any other
international experience this is a
question from Augustine oh by the way um
so having international experience is
actually better because sometimes when
universities look at your portfolio and
I don't know where you're from but um
they just look at everything and they
see everything is related to your
country and the admissions committee
doesn't really know if the university
graduated from ESCA
not weather like this program you took
you in your university is competitive or
not but they presumably know that
working travel is real American
experience and they understand American
experience I would say working travel
would be a nice line in your resume in
your CV one that you will be submitting
for your admissions application in Spain
you can do a double Decree do you have
that option in the US - yeah there are
different masters programs that do both
like you can do in MIT you can do MBA
and engineering this is called MIT lgo
so you get two degrees one engineering
degree one MBA there are definitely
loads of those programs as well when I
was looking at Johns Hopkins University
they had a lot of dual degrees like
medicine and management um so yeah how
long it takes to make all the dogs
things until I get into university okay
the I think the question is from like
how how much time do you need to prepare
all of the documents from humberto for
me it took two months three months but
never like never try to do the same like
three months is a really really small
period of time for you to prepare all of
the applications because first you need
to select six universities second you
need to take GMAT or whatever exam is
required for your program so you need to
take TOEFL if you're an international
student then you have to write like 12
personal statements for every single
University because every single
University has like two questions one is
why you've chosen a program and second
can be a random question like what is
the most important thing to you and why
and the Newcomb also have to get
recommendations from your professors or
whoever is recommending you for the
program so I would say like if you want
to start in September 2018 I would start
today I would start my research on
universities I would start my you know
taking my English level because if your
English is intermediate then I think
it's a little too early to start your
GMAT or GRE preparation
maybe concentrate more and improving
your language skills
so yeah the
earlier you said the better right now I
have the student who is in his ninth
grade and we're helping him prepare to
get into a university in America and he
starts with you know taking a language
course the summer in the States and then
the next summer he's going to do the
same so the longer you take the better
the results would be um medical there is
a question about medical scholarships in
the USA again they're in like up those
scholarships they normally either
merit-based or need-based like either
you're a really good student and they
would cover your tuition and the second
problem thing maybe you don't have
enough funds to cover your education and
they would cover it for you but the
second type need-based scholarships they
are not really meant for international
students some universities have them
like for example Stanford Harvard like
top universities they have need-based
scholarships but a lot of universities
have merit-based scholarships so um
there is no like particular medical
scholarship as I said there are two
different kinds so your goal here is to
find the program that suits you best the
medical program and research there
financial aid department and ask them
what kind of financial aid they have for
international students what's um well
good question what which university out
which way is better to start University
in the States or to postgraduate degree
in the States that's a great question
because um I was like on the same path
on the same crossroad I was thinking
maybe I should do my university in the
States the problem with me was I didn't
have money for that so if you have money
to do your bachelor's or a bachelor's
degree in the States
then go and do it because there are so
many things in our lives that change
daily and maybe in three years when
you're done with your bachelor's degree
in your country
something will hold you back um you
won't be able to travel or whatever
happens it may be your dream will just
stay a dream of coming somewhere else to
get your education so
so the earlier you can do that the
better but if there is no way you can do
it right now like you don't have money
and you cannot get a scholarship and
your English is not too good then do
everything right now so you could make
your dream come true in two years or
three years um okay our oncologist of us
good to complete graduation to provide
full financial support I don't know
really getting this question but I guess
the the question is do all universities
provide full financial support and the
answer is no and like not every
University provides financial support
and not every University it's good for
you so in my case I was researching
around 60 universities before I came out
with a list of my six universities where
I applied and I encourage you to do the
same like explore and research as many
universities as you can this is really
important and never like if you have
$10,000 for your education then never
apply to universities the doesn't
provide full financial assistance
because otherwise you will end up with a
bill from a university and that would be
it
like that would be nothing else you
could do have you heard about the food
prep program of course um so the full
prep program is a program run by the
United States government and I think
they have it everywhere and the goal of
this program is to sponsor talented
students to pursue their master's degree
in the United States and what's great
about this program is that they cover
not only you tuition and accomodation
they also cover your exams so they pay
for a TOEFL jima Jiri whatever they
cover your flights they cover your visa
so everything everything is included
it's a very competitive program so in
order to be selected you need to prove
that you're Percy replying to only
selected universities and they selected
the best ones and then the second thing
you also you write the same personal
statement like you're showing that
you can compete with other students who
are applying for this program your
academic performance is great you would
be able to past hopeful you would be
able to pass cherry and if you're
selected then yeah you get all of the
best things about education in the
States but there's just one drawback
about this program according to the laws
I'm not sure about like what's happening
right now but before like last year I
know the rule was that once you graduate
from an American universities and if
you're a Fulbright student you need to
go back to your country and stay in your
country for at least two years but I
have my friend here um Rose wanna she is
she has been a Fulbright Scholar she's
done her Harvard MBA and he started her
company in the state and she was able to
stay here on one visa extraordinary
ability so this is her story so there's
one way to kind of not go back to your
country is to UM get an extraordinary
ability visa after you graduate from
your Fulbright master's or MBA which one
do you prefer between which one you
prefer - the first between TOEFL or
Jerry if I wanted to apply in 2018 I
would start with the most rigorous and
the most difficult exam I would start
with Jerry because once you passed Jerry
your TOEFL preparation would take it
like 2 weeks and you will be actually
laughing at the tasks they ask you in
they give you in TOEFL because ona fast
my GMAT and I started TOEFL preparation
I looked at the tasks and I was like are
they is there something I'm not like I
cannot understand because they seem so
so easy and that's what they are because
TOEFL is taken even by like school
children and Jerry is only taken by
people who have bachelor's degree and
who have some experience in research and
whose English is way beyond upper
intermediate so I start with the most
difficult one
so there is a question from a mechanical
engineer who wants to pursue master's in
mechanical engineering in Germany yeah I
think Germany is one of the best
countries for that so I want to dress in
the University of Technology and they
had so many mechanical engineers I think
this university and also University of
Munich are the best well I would say
learn German because even if there is
education in English but I think it's
better to get it in German then even if
you're studying English I don't think
it's a good idea to be in a country
where everybody speaks German without
being German so make sure your German is
great because when I first came to
Germany I had some difficulties
communicating with local people and I
felt a little inconvenient like I felt a
little left out and then I took like
really intensive German classes and try
to practice as much as I could I really
helped so there is question about like
can can I get a full scholarship if I
have 710 GMAT 3 GPA two years of
part-time work experience my concerns is
your GPA a little is a little low 3 3.0
I guess so when you're applying for a
scholarship you have to be better than
everybody else in many aspects so your
GMAT is is good if you are considering
like maybe top well starting with
university number 30 going down to the
university number 50 I would say the OU
GMAT is strong your GPA is a little weak
and I even know some programs that do
not accept applicants with 3 with lower
than 3.2 GPA um yeah it really depends I
need to see like other at the parts of
your application like what kind of work
experience was that and what kind of
universities you're looking to apply so
I would say like if you want like this
personal evaluation I also do personal
consultations I think there's a link
should be linked below
yeah so if you press this green button
below the video there is a consultation
with me that you can book and I'll be
able to answer your questions like
personally about you because when you're
just giving me some small details I
don't think it's enough and I'm afraid
to actually buy something because if my
advice is wrong and I didn't know you
better then you can do some mistakes and
I will feel bad ok moving on to the next
question okay there are so many
questions about like assessing personal
profiles okay one well you will post
more videos about TOEFL I was thinking
of shooting one in the next couple of
weeks with the problem right now is
today and tomorrow I'm moving to a new
apartment and I have like all of these
boxes in my in my room right now and in
a couple of days we will also be going
like once we finished with the moving
we're going to LA to do some work there
as well and yeah so once I like landed
in my new apartment once they come back
back from LA then I will shoot the video
and I finished my music studies and got
my professional music diploma in Spain
which certificates you have been
studying in the School of Music for 10
years
oh okay so the question is whether all
the certificates matter for the
admissions committee I would say yes you
can list them in your resume and also
what's really important like because
you've done music for 10 years this is
really what forms your personality right
now I would emphasize that in your
motivation letter like personal
statement maybe discuss how you
struggled first and then did better in
your music career or like music part of
your life so because in my personal
statements I also told you about ballet
which I've done since I was 12
and how competitive it is and how it
dance to the theater where everybody was
gossiping about everyone discussing
their looks and the way they danced and
I felt really humiliated like when
people just cussed me like once teacher
told me that my knees are too fat for
ballet um you know like these random
things and I also talked about that that
I overcame this fear of being judged and
I just enjoyed doing what I do enjoyed
ballet and actually the Dean of the
University of Florida of the Graduate
Business School he got back to me when
they accepted me he wrote this letter
with his own hand like can you imagine
that writing a letter with his own hand
um - everyone was admitted and um he
told me that he really enjoyed reading
my personal statement about Bali because
he's a huge fan of Bali and he's been to
Russia to watch Bali so um yeah just try
to make your personal statement as
personal as you can
should I wait until finish my University
in my country and go to the US I have no
money yeah well if you're a TOEFL and
yeah you say your TOEFL is not a high
score
I would suggest you're staying in your
country first and making sure that your
English is growing like crazy and that
you're doing things that would qualify
you for getting qualify you to get
financial aid when you decide to do your
masters could you tell about getting an
associate degree in the USA um a
question from Rita yes um so associate
degree is something that you can do for
two years and at this this is actually
like your first two years of bachelors
so some people decide to finish up to
the second year and this is what is
called an associate degree some people
decide to do four years and this is what
is called bachelor's degree and it's
really up to you to decide what you're
going to do but again associate degree
is not higher education it's just some
professional education so if your goal
is to say
in America or get a job that is really
competitive
I was suggested in bachelors but if
you're just if you know what you're
going to do in your life and you just
see an associate degree to make sure you
have enough knowledge in your field you
can definitely do an associate degree
I've seen some people here doing an
associate degree but they are like from
the states and they have work permit
they're like permanent residents and
they wouldn't have any difficulties in
getting a job so yeah
it's you need to decide what is your end
goal and if your end goal is to run your
company and you don't need at your
education for that then why spend extra
two years on getting a bachelor's degree
what is the best university to study
computer software engineering Stanford
or MIT can however reject an applicant
with nearly perfect SAT scores oh yes of
course they can they actually look at
your overall performance they look at
your GPA they'll be a personal statement
they look at many other things because
there are so many people who apply to
Harvard with a perfect SAT in various
streams you mentioned st. Petersburg
articles in English yeah so the students
asking me to share the name of magazines
Dasha
unfortunately the magazines where I
published my articles are they no longer
exist
so I actually tried to retrieve a couple
of my articles and I still have the link
in a few actually if you go to Google
Scholar and type in marina McGill Co you
will see all of the articles that I've
published um not all of them but the
majority of them and there is one or a
couple in English and fortunately the
links no longer work which is a shame um
but at least you will be able to see
which magazines they were and okay
next question can you recommend any good
universities and music business major um
for music tuner at school is the best
there's also will in Yale there is a
good unit um music department
I should I improve my English if it's
better than when I took TOEFL um so
there are different ways to improve your
English first um I don't know use an app
Doh lingo is a good app there is also
this service that we have a lingual trip
where you get instantly connected to a
native speaker so if you go to lingua
trip comm slash speak um you can you
just press the button literally and we
can actually to a native speaker and you
can practice your spoken English with a
real American or Canadian or Australian
or someone from Great Britain you can do
that we also have Skype classes um with
a tutor Jonathan who is from California
it's all on the language page so if you
click lingo trip on top of your page you
will see all the services that we have
the best the best thing that works for
me is actually travel to an
english-speaking country take a 2-week
language course here and yeah watch
english-speaking YouTube vloggers like
do something that is really interesting
to you and that will motivate you to
listen to an english-speaking person or
talk to an english-speaking person every
day next year I'm going to University of
Oregon playing soccer what do you think
about it Oh Congrats that's amazing
playing soccer means you will be playing
in the unit in the team of this
University of the University of Oregon I
think that's great I really I've heard a
lot of great things about Oregon I've
never been there myself like it's so
funny I've been in San Francisco's in 20
2015 back and forth Russia San Francisco
but like I haven't traveled a lot around
here I haven't been to Santiago yet I
haven't been to Oregon just LA all the
time
um in India in high school we have final
percentage yeah I know that your marks
are in percentages it's okay you can
just transfer it like you don't even
need to officially make this
recalculation of your Indian GPA to
American GPA when you're applying to an
American University they would ask you
what is the maximum you can get in your
system and you would say 100 percent and
they would ask you what did you get and
you will say like 78 percent that's what
you need I recalculating your GPA to an
American system is just for you to
understand how you compare it to other
students because many universities state
that last year we have accepted like 100
students and their median GPA was 3.5
and you calculate your GPA and you see
like your 3.7 and you're like yes I'm
doing great so there is no need to worry
about my GPA or maybe you see that your
GPA is like 3.2 and you're like oh I'm
really a little weaker um not the
students who apply last year maybe I
should lower the ranking on my
University so I have more chances of
getting accepted what would you
recommend American universities want
British ones um well American
universities are the most generous ones
and if you can like they're the most
expensive in the world but also the
amount of financial aid they provide is
great and I haven't seen any up well I
haven't seen a lot of British
universities providing financial aid um
and uh the the second problem with
British universities I was actually
dreaming of studying in Great Britain
but the problem with Great Britain was
that for Russian citizens you cannot
stay after you graduate so you have to
go back straightaway and I wanted some
experience I wanted an opportunity to
stay in the country and practice and get
some work experience that's why I chose
America why don't you make serious about
studying in Russia ah that's a great
question because I don't know anything
about studying Russia
I just know like my
University but I don't know from an
international student perspective so I
can definitely answer your questions
about studying in Russia but um I don't
know whether it's easy to get into the
Russian universities if you are an
international student I know um I guess
you're judging by your last name maybe
you're from China and I know there are
many Chinese students in Russia sorry if
I'm Iran if you're not I'm just so
because when I was setting in
saint-petersburg say we had a lot of
Chinese students and the funny thing was
they didn't really speak Russian anyway
they attended all of the lectures and
made some notes what are the options
residues to get into Russian intensive
course so if you go on linguae trip
exactly where you are right now and
choose Russian in Russia then you will
see the schools that you can book
through a platform to learn Russian in
Russia and we're actually expanding our
portfolio right now for Russian schools
and if you have any questions you can
just write it write them down in the
chat which is in the right right hand
side of the screen but only questions
like related to studying abroad like
taking language courses because those
are our managers and they don't know
anything about like higher education
because I'm more about getting into
American universities in Canada and if
you have any questions about studying
languages then there is also this chat
and the right-hand side okay next
question
I wanted to know about online MBA many
universities tend to offer it without
any prerequisites is it good online MBA
well for me
like I don't really like online
education to be honest and the problem
with the online education is that there
are so many things that you already can
get online and for free like if you go
to Coursera there are so many courses
from top universities that are published
there and if you need that knowledge you
can just google things
education is more about connecting with
your fellow students connecting with
professors traveling to a new country
learning about new environment and
getting this life experience not just
staring at your computer and never seen
your professor in real life and never
connecting with the students especially
MBA MBA is the program that where you
like grow your network network is really
important for future managers and
learning about finance online like you
can do it for free online mbas cost a
lot of money and you can just find
everything what you need online for free
so yeah that would be my decision on on
the online MBA what kind of questions or
how should i how should the format be
for the emails to the universities I
want to apply to UM so the questions
should be the ones that you couldn't
find the answers to on their website
because you don't want to sound like
stupid or not prepared if you ask click
question but like what what are the what
is the minimum TOEFL that you need to
score in order to get to the university
you cannot ask that in an email
well you can but it would show that you
haven't researched the website because
if you research the website you will
find a lot of answers there and if
you're inquiring about financial aid for
example it's really important to give
some background on yourself because you
don't want to receive a generic reply
with a link to financial aid section on
the university's website you want to
present yourself in the best way like
maybe emphasize what I did I emphasize
the competition's I won or maybe the
mighty med or whatever you have already
and then ask a question and it should be
all really short like three four
sentences Maxim this is like the maximum
length of a letter of an email to a
university that it should get to because
these people are so busy sometimes like
when I applied to to the universities I
thought there's this whole department
dealing with the applications and in
reality there's just three or four
people sitting in the small office and
they're getting in Greece like every 30
seconds and so they have to send you
generic replies with links to their
website but if you really you know ask a
personal question and present yourself
well then you can get a personal answer
and that will be my advice like try to
connect with them as much as you can is
it worse person a mess in USA after
Trump policies he hasn't you know
affected anything in terms of masters or
whatever
no he hasn't that I don't think you
should worry about you know he hasn't
introduced anything that have
international students okay I have you
mm-hmm
yeah we're just selecting questions just
a moment are Canadian universities
better than us ones for international
under crashes oh really really depends
again like I don't think you can answer
just like that any I think you need to
have a look at every particular
situation but the benefits of of Canada
here are cheaper education and so if you
compare with the United States then for
example in the States
um national secured an average and in
Canada you can get as low as ten
thousand dollars a year in American
dollars
the second benefit will be staying in
the country after graduate so in Canada
you will get normally you would get like
up to three years of work permit in
Canada in the States you would only get
one opt um but another problem with that
well the problem with with Canada is I
said they're not really generous
American universities are the most
generous ones and if you're you're a
talented student if you qualify for
financial aid then you
a chance to getting to get your studies
funded
are there any government will
financially providing scholarships yes
there is Fulbright Program the America
from the American part and programs in
your country that I would I would
suggest looking at the Fulbright
scholarship um sir yeah not none for
China from Hong Kong okay um yeah just
there's this Lam Chang is asking me for
more videos about Russia so when I
travel to Russia next time I will make a
video I'm sure I'm not sure if I can get
some financial aid okay so TOEFL doesn't
really affect your chances on financial
aid except the cases when you need to
prove that your TOEFL is above some
particular score so a TOEFL is just this
something hit or miss thing for example
if a university says that we only
consider students with TOEFL score about
100 then even if you scored 120 it
doesn't really affect your chances it
just means that your English is good
enough to understand what's going on and
if you score 99 on TOEFL and the minimum
TOEFL required by the university is 100
then they wouldn't even consider your
application so make sure that your TOEFL
is enough to get into university and
then they just consider other things so
for example SAT yes you need to score as
much as you can and there is no like
minimum SAT to get accepted um
ok let's let's see what's happening here
can somebody apply for masters at the
age of 30 of course well there is no
like minimum age requirement I would say
if you're less than 30 years old I'm
sorry if you're applying for a
bachelor's degree then maybe it will be
a little like uncomfortable for you to
study with students who are 18 or 19 but
if you're doing masters like there are
so many masters programs with the
average age of 27 29 35 Juke University
MBA for example has the average age of I
think 35 and one of my friends who's 35
she was doing this MBA and she had this
her best friend her fellow student and
I'm like in half a year she asked how
how old was this friend and she was like
49 but they got on so well so don't fool
or Iles for the USA you can take both
but there are some universities that do
not accept il2 else's the British
British exam British English so you will
have here British people talking and
there's also not the difference between
TOEFL and IELTS in IELTS you are
actually talking to a real person which
makes makes things a lot easier in TOEFL
you're just talking to a computer which
is like oh sometimes you feel a little
intimidated okay let's jump on to the
next question a lot from Russia hi
Russia what should I do this summer to
have a better resume um oh there are so
many things maybe work experience if you
can in the field that you're interested
in that will be the best maybe taking
part in some scientific conference or
maybe taking a language course it
depends like if your English is low then
the best you can do is to improve your
English if your English is good enough
already and you don't have to work on it
maybe like take some parts take bought
it in some conferences or do some work
experience will you upload this video
yes the
video will stay on this channel can I
find cheap masters in the USA and can I
get a job at the same time so according
to the US whatever USCIS students can
work in the States on campus up to 20 or
20 hours a week so and that's the
maximum you can do and you have to work
in campus so you cannot just go outside
but there's like so the standard rule is
you work on campus but you can also
apply for CPT and when you will be
getting your visa you would get the
explanation for that okay it's New York
better than San Francisco for studying
computer science and planning to settle
here and you know it really really
depends it depends on the university
you're getting accepted to like if
you're getting accepted to Stanford in
San Francisco compared to some medieval
University in New York of course San
Francisco is better and I would also say
like computer science this is the hub
like the Silicon Valley is the hub for
computer science but again I you know
don't think about geography just yet
I always tell my students like once you
get all of the offers from the
University and when you have this offer
from in New York University in San
Francisco University then you will have
to decide which offer is better and
where you should travel but when you
apply you just need to select
universities based on the program based
on their curriculum based on the cost of
the program hi marina does language of
help to prepare a motivation letters yes
we do there is this service that we have
we actually have a guy well he's I think
he's in his 40s or 50s he graduated from
the University of Pennsylvania he did
his PhD there and he helps people write
personal statements and he polishes them
and he gives a lot of valuable advice
and you can definitely book this
service on language if you go to our
main page can I study in NYU with full
financial government aid scholarship I
don't think government well if you are
from the states then yes but government
aid is I think it's only for American
students so you need to get financial
aid from the university itself I will be
completing my high school in March 2019
when should I start submitting my
application for a session of September
2019 that's very good that you're
studying as early as you can so you
would need to submit your applications
in September 2018 so a year before you
start studying but it also depends on
the university some universities would
ask you to submit your application in
September some universities will have
their first deadline in November so I
would say be ready to start action in
autumn 2018 and this means that by
autumn 2018 you would need to have past
all of the exams that you need to get
into the university like SAT jima Jerry
at an O so you're finishing high school
soon you will need your SAT in September
2018 our publication is more important
than GPA there is no like such thing
what is more important but if your GPA
is really low then even having like
hundred publications well if they are in
Forbes or really cool magazines
scientific magazines and they would do
but I would say try to get your GPA as
high as possible as well
does the school ranking matter I wanna
plan to the top American universities
yes it does if they've recognized the
school then they would definitely
prioritize your application because they
would understand whether your GPA from
this school if it was difficult to
gather GPA or not what is the difference
between a community college and the
University in the States so community
college is where you get your bachelor's
degree or your associate degree and
normally people would take would do that
first two years in a community college
and then transfer to university and you
cannot do your master's degree in a
community college social status also
biggest Community College is really easy
to get into so if you're an
international student you just need to
pass your TOEFL or if you're from the
states you don't need anything you need
to just graduate and they don't even
require your SAT so it's easier to get
there
University is harder to get more
prestigious and it's cheaper to study in
a community college that's why as I said
many people do first two years in a
community college first and save on
their education and then they transfer
to a more expensive university high from
India
hi yeah I'm trying to read some
questions in YouTube but it keeps
reloading so if you guys have questions
and you're you rolled them on YouTube
please follow a link below this video
and ask your question again on linguae
trips upset because again it said
YouTube keeps reloading and I can't read
anything that's weird
does public colleges in USA provide full
scholarships to international students
um so II mean state like State
University state colleges they are less
generous than private that's the rule of
thumb sometimes they do but the rule of
thumb is that private universities are
more generous
um when I have a job offer in the u.s.
is it hard to get a visa once you have a
job offer I think your company should
would hire a lawyer who would take care
of the application so I don't know I
don't think it's difficult if you have a
job offer
what is the rule to apply to the
Community College there is no rule I
just said it's easier so you just need
your TOEFL and you just need your high
school degree and that's it okay guys we
have seven more minutes so I'm taking
this last minute questions and I would
really appreciate that if you could ask
them on language rips website just want
to say you're doing a great job thanks
love from India thank you very much
marina if I graduate from a Russian
University with a bachelor's degree can
I so apply to American University for
another Bachelors of course you can do
like five bachelor's degree bachelor
degrees but every time you're applying
you need to prove that it makes sense
for you to get a bachelor's from this
particular University in the States
because sometimes um we see people like
oh we had like the situation a couple of
months ago somebody has done electrical
engineering in Russia for or whatever
they wore for three years then they had
ten years of work experience and then
they wanna do bachelors in tourism and
like this doesn't make sense to anyone
like why would you do that so if it
doesn't make sense that you then you
really have to work on your story like
what is behind this decision to do a
second bachelor's in a different
profession can you give some tips to get
straight A's in a community college I'm
going to transfer to university after it
and I want to get a scholarship so um
well attend every lecture work there is
a lot of emphasis on self-study so read
a lot um do all the homework
be active also like being active is
really important not just sitting in
your study room and study study study
also be active if you can get in any
like community where you can lead lead a
charity or start a club so do something
that you can also they can also add to
your resume like I was I started a club
I volunteered here so try to form your
portfolio right now as well as
concentrating on your grades okay is the
city always necessary to enter top
universities if you are an international
student oh yeah and not just SAT general
also SAT Subject if if we're talking for
example getting a bachelor's degree from
MIT you not only take an SAT general
you're also taking SAT maths and SAT
physics hmm how can i okay
just trying to figure out the questions
guys again if you have them please ask
them on on language app because YouTube
was so crowded hi marina I was looking
for summer school in California am I in
time would you recommend in University
College summer school you mean a
language school if language school I
would recommend the one that is next
door to where I live it's it's called IL
SC San Francisco if you go to linguae
trip and select like English in the
United States you will see it in top so
yeah I would suggest il su San Francisco
we also have like good discounts for it
right now can you give some tips to get
straight A's in Community College oh
okay I've read the question what is your
opinion is it better to study in Canada
or the States again you have answered
this question like 20 minutes ago
and it really depends on your profile
like some people don't like Canada sand
people don't like United State
and if you're planning to stay in the
country after you graduate then you
really need to consider which country
like more and I was just traveling to
both countries and really liking for
yourself in Britain undergraduate degree
from any university is considered they
evaluated accordingly what does American
universities do that yeah in America any
undergraduate degree is great so if you
have it from your university or if you
have it from a foreign university
American University doesn't matter what
matters is that you have this document
proving that you have your bachelor's
degree from a particular University
okay hi from Somalia can you come
Rogers University register University is
well it's located and I think it's New
Jersey right close to New York has
really good campus yeah but it really
depends in the particular program by the
way if you're looking for a program I
was just going to u.s. news comm and
they have rankings for like every kind
of program if you're looking for like
masters in marketing you type in in
Google masters in marketing US News and
you will have all of the rankings and
you will find like where Rogers
University ranks according to US News I
got accepted at SCAD my dream university
congratulations that's amazing
but I can make it if I don't get full
financial aid they don't provide ta
scholarships well that's the problem
right that's what I told that you should
never apply to University that doesn't
provide full financial assistance and
the the rule here is to receive an email
from them like answering questions
either yes they have full financial aid
for international students because this
is a situation where you don't want to
be like having this offer from a
university so the only thing that is
left for you to do right now is maybe
again write any multi University ask
about the opportunities that they have
to fund your study maybe they would give
you a loan which is also a way out or
also consider programs that are run by
your government from your country last
minute what are those red bubbles
popping up below the TV in your
background oh this is a fake fireplace
right does it look like red bubbles
there yeah it's fake fireplace this
funny um okay cool um I think guys are
good for today um yeah I am going to
continue my moving I continue packing
also grab some lunch thank you so much
for being with me today and this is
going to be regular this is going to be
every Tuesday 12:00 p.m. California time
answering questions about Saudi broth
and I will see you next Tuesday please
don't forget to like this video if you
enjoy the livestream and if my answers
were helpful thank you so much and I'll
see you soon bye bye